---
layout: default
title: FAQ
description: FAQ
nav_order: 2
has_children: false
---

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) - VoxTour.ai

1. <b>What is VoxTour.ai?</b><p/>
VoxTour.ai is a pioneering web application that provides self-guided GPS tours enriched with content generated by advanced Language Models (LLM). Our platform combines artificial intelligence and human creativity to offer an immersive and personalized exploration experience.

2. <b>What is the current state of VoxTour.ai?</b><p/>
   VoxTour.ai is currently in the pre-alpha stage. We are actively working on adding more features and refining the user experience. We appreciate your patience and understanding as we continue to enhance the app.

3. <b>How does VoxTour.ai create content for its tours?</b><p/>
Our tours feature content generated by state-of-the-art Language Models (LLM). These models utilize advanced natural language processing techniques to provide accurate, informative, and engaging narratives about each tour destination.

4. <b>Can I customize my tour experience on VoxTour.ai?</b><p/>
Yes, absolutely! VoxTour.ai offers customization options, allowing users to tailor their tours to match their interests and preferences. Choose your own path, linger at points of interest, and make each tour a unique adventure.

5. <b>How does the text-to-speech technology work in VoxTour.ai?</b><p/>
VoxTour.ai employs advanced text-to-speech technology to enhance the auditory dimension of your journey. The system converts written content into natural-sounding speech, providing an immersive experience for users as they explore their surroundings.

6. <b>Are the tours suitable for solo travelers and groups alike?</b><p/>
Yes, VoxTour.ai caters to both solo travelers and groups. Whether you're embarking on a solitary adventure or exploring with friends, our self-guided GPS tours offer flexibility and an enriching experience for all types of travelers.

7. <b>Are the tours available for different types of destinations?</b><p/>
Absolutely! VoxTour.ai covers a wide range of destinations, including cities, historical sites, and natural wonders. Whether you're interested in cultural landmarks or breathtaking landscapes, you'll find a diverse array of tours to choose from.

8. <b>How do I access the interactive maps during a tour?</b><p/>
Our web application includes interactive maps that allow users to gain a comprehensive understanding of their surroundings. Simply navigate through the app to pinpoint locations, access additional information, and make the most out of your exploration.

9. <b>Is VoxTour.ai available on mobile devices?</b><p/>
Yes, VoxTour.ai is designed to be accessible on various devices, including mobile phones and tablets. Enjoy the freedom to explore your chosen destinations conveniently from the palm of your hand.

10. <b>How can I get started with VoxTour.ai?</b><p/>
To begin your VoxTour.ai adventure, simply visit our website, sign up for an account, and browse through the available tours. Select a destination that piques your interest, customize your preferences, and embark on a self-guided GPS tour like never before.

11. <b>Is there a cost associated with using VoxTour.ai?</b><p/>
VoxTour.ai offers both free and premium tour options. While some basic tours are available at no cost, premium features and exclusive tours may require a subscription. Check our pricing plans for more details.